[YAKUMO, TATSUYA grunting]
[TATSUYA]
Is he to the right?
Or the left?
[gasps]
[TATSUYA grunts]
[YAKUMO chuckles]
[YAKUMO]
You sure had me on the ropes.
Master, what was that?
Well, I didn't think you would
break my "Cocoon Water Mirage",
so I wanted to test your
boundaries just a little more.
That move. It wasn't one
of your usual illusion arts.
Ah, you caught that.
Impressive!
That odd ability of
yours to read a spell
with nothing more
than the merest glance
is a true threat
to any opponent.
But, you must be vigilant,
because there is a way
to use it against you.
Was it the illusion you
just used a minute ago?
Cocoon Water Mirage
was a spell designed
to deceive the eyes of beings
that are not of this world.
Hold on, I'm sorry,
but would you mind explaining
what you mean by that, Master?
What I'm trying to tell you is
it's not only humans
we're up against.
As a matter of fact,
fighting supernatural things
isn't even as rare
as you would think.
Yea, but my friend who's
an Ancient Magic user,
told me that encountering
real demons
actually was an
extremely rare thing.
[YAKUMO] It may
surprise you to know
you've already had one or
two experiences yourself.
The magic you modern magicians
like to refer to as "SB magic".
What does it use as a medium?
Think about it...
[gasps]
[YAKUMO]
I think you understand.
The things you refer to as
"spiritual beings" or "spirits"
fit into that category I
just described to you as
"not of this world".
So, you're saying these spirits
that aren't more than bodies
of independent information,
that have been detached
from phenomena
are "not of this world", right?
To be more precise, they might
be best described by what
is most obvious,
which is they are
"things without life or flesh."
Master, forgive me, but can I
ask you one more question?
Please, go right ahead.
According to Modern Magic,
spirits are classified as
independent information bodies
derived from natural phenomena.
[YAKUMO]
Mm‐hm.
[TATSUYA] Then, if Parasites
can feed off a person's
ethereal body and change
the person's properties,
what information bodies
would they be based on?
[YAKUMO]
A good question.
I don't know the origin
of these wraiths
or what you call "Parasites,"
but I'll tell you
what I do know.
Their purpose is to interfere
with people's minds,
so it stands to reason
they'd have to be
based spirit phenomena.
That means they're
information organisms
first originating in the mind?
[YAKUMO]
Just as spirits originating
in physical phenomena
drift through a shadow world
back‐to‐back with this one,
the aforementioned wraiths
originating in mental phenomena,
indeed might come
from the shadow world,
back‐to‐back with
our mental world.
It's a fascinating paradox.
But, that's just my own
unadulterated theory.
[yawns]
[HONOKA] Hey, Shizuku,
sorry to call out like this.
[SHIZUKU]
That's okay. What's up?
I actually did this for Tatsuya.
He had something he
wanted to ask you
and said it was important.
I'll put him on.
I'm really sorry to
call you so late.
I was just going to send
you an email at first,
but it's easier to make myself
clear talking face‐to‐face.
No problem.
It's only eight PM here.
Now, what did you want?
Right, so... from what
Honoka mentioned,
seems a vampire is making a
mess of things there, too.
If you can, I'd like you to fill
me in on any details you have.
In America, most people
just treat it
like a creepy urban legend.
Or, at least, the media doesn't
even bother to cover it.
Why? What happened?
A vampire, or something a
lot like it, attacked Leo.
He was attacked?
Yeah... No need to worry.
He'll recover in no time.
Leo was able to drive off
the vampire by himself.
However, he happened to get
hit by their strange ability,
and is now recuperating
in the hospital.
Thank goodness.
In any case, it all
makes sense now.
That's why you wanted to know
what's happening over here.
Yeah, that's right.
But don't feel like you
have to investigate.
Just ask around a little bit.
[SHIZUKU] It sounds like you
think America holds some clues
about this situation.
I mean, that's the
huntch I have.
But to be completely honest,
I believe the criminal
behind the vampire incident
came from America.
[MIYUKI, HONOKA gasp]
So make me a promise.
Stay away from anything
that might be dangerous.
I mean it.
Please, Shizuku, don't try
to take any chances.
'Kay. I'll play it safe.
Just be patient and
don't expect too much.
[ERIKA]
Miki, which way?
This way, huh?
I dunno about this.
I really think it'd be
better to team up with
Jumonji and Saegusa.
[ERIKA]
Miki!
Let's go!
[MIKIHIKO]
Coming!
Which way do I go now, Silvie?
Head to the next corner,
then make a right!
Roger that! Thanks.
Claire, Rachel, head Sullivan
off so he can't get away.
Now, move!
[Q, R]
Yes, ma'am!
[ANGIE]
Ha!
[Q grunts]
[R gasps]
[gasps]
[SULLIVAN gasps]
The dagger's been activated
with a movement spell.
I can't stop it!
[SULLIVAN grunts]
[SULLIVAN]
She's out of my league!
[SULLIVAN groans]
[R grunts]
[SULLIVAN growls]
[SULLIVAN gasps]
[ANGIE grunts]
[BOTH gasp]
[BOTH]
Huh?
[grunts]
Miki, take one in the hat!
I'll bring down the masked one!
[ERIKA shouts]
[ANGIE gasps]
You're gonna have to
get through me first.
[ERIKA grunts]
How fast is she?!
[ANGIE grunts]
Here I come!
[ANGIE gasps]
[ERIKA shouts]
[ERIKA] Her swordsmanship
is first‐rate...
And her magic abilities
are top‐notch.
[ERIKA grunts]
[MIKIHIKO]
Other than bruises,
Leo didn't have any
physical wounds.
So that means this creep
either used a blunt weapon,
or bare hands.
In that case...
[MIKIHIKO]
Bridal Veil!
[MIKIHIKO gasps]
[MIKIHIKO] A Barrier?
Or maybe "Weakening"?!
[MIKIHIKO]
A Barrier! Then...
Thunder Child!
[MASK yells]
[gasps]
[shouts]
[ANGIE grunts]
[gasps]
You're mine, now!
[ERIKA shouts]
[MASK grunts]
[MIKIHIKO]
Strange.
The flash should only
last for a second,
but it's still there.
Don't tell me...
Emission‐Type Magic?!
[MASK shouts]
[MIKIHIKO gasps]
[MASK grunts]
[MIKIHIKO]
I won't make it!
[MASK gasps]
[ERIKA grunts]
Huh?
[gasps]
That's Tatsuya?
[grunts]
[gasps]
[ERIKA grunts]
[TATSUYA gasps]
[TATSUYA] I have the data
of the colors and contours,
but all other
information is missing.
[TATSUYA]
What is this?
[ERIKA]
Huh?
[TATSUYA]
She escaped...
[ANGIE]
Were you able to retrieve
Sergeant Sullivan's body?
Yes, Ma'am. We are in
possession of it.
[ANGIE] And have you
determined the identity
of the other one
I was pursuing?
Unfortunately, we have not.
We successfully extracted
the Psi‐wave pattern,
but I'm afraid it didn't match
any of the data we have.
They're not a fugitive, then?
I mean, it's either that
or the Psi‐wave patterns
have been altered.
[SILVIA] If I had to guess,
it would be the latter.
Understood.
Go ahead and keep tracing
the pattern we picked up.
Yes, of course, ma'am.
[ANGIE grunts]
[LINA] Nobody told me
Erika was that strong!
And not only that, but Tatsuya
used some weird tech
or magic that can
disable my spells!
Are all high schoolers
in Japan like that?!
[TATSUYA]
Good evening, Aunt.
I apologize for calling so late.
Don't worry, it's fine.
Although, it's unusual for you
to be calling out of the blue
at all, Tatsuya.
Actually, there's one thing
I'd like to ask you.
As well as a request I wish
to make. Do you mind?
No, of course not, ask away.
Thank you.
Then, if I may ask you this;
Aunt Maya, would you
mind telling me
how the Kudou Family's
Parade spell works?
You must know something.
[MIYUKI gasps]
[MAYA]
Oh my, as you may know...
...Parade is the Kudou
Family's secret technique.
What makes you think someone
like me woud know anything
about its mysteries,
From what I've been told,
you studied under General
Kudou for a while, Aunt Maya.
Maybe you at least
know the gist,
even if you don't know
the whole magic sequence.
Is the anti‐magic
spell Parade...
...something that takes
your own Edios appearance,
copies and alters it,
so that then you can
project it onto yourself
to temporarily change your
physical appearance,
while also substituting
any magical interference
aims with their own
disguised Eidos,
which would prevent magic
effects used on your real body?
That's essentially how the
technique works, right?
Oh, come now, Tatsuya,
I certainly thought you of
all people would know...
.. that transformation magic
is basically impossible.
[TATSUYA] If you only want
to alter your appearance,
there's Light
Interference‐Type Magic.
But it's not true
transformation.
The issue here is if that's
actually what was used,
I would've been able to
easily see right through it.
Brother, wait! You don't mean
there was someone who could
keep their identity
secret from you?
[TATSUYA]
That isn't all.
It also caused my Mist
Dispersion to miss...
...by a fair amount.
[MIYUKI]
How?!
But even if Mist Dispersion
didn't work at that time,
I would think Trident should
have been no problem.
Aunt Maya, it appears the
case you've assigned to us
is more than two
of us can handle.
Therefore, I would like
request some reinforcements.
Very well, it's done.
My goodness, things seem
to be shifting well past
the scope of our expectations.
I give you permission
to contact Major Kazama.
[TATSUYA]
Thank you very much.
Oh, that reminds me, Tatsuya.
I do recall hearing something
reagrding the Old Master
and the Parade spell that
you may find interesting.
His younger brother was
more skilled at using it.
I know that you're very busy,
so I apologize for
asking you here.
Not at all.
But now that I'm here,
what is it I can do for you?
[KATSUTO]
Did you know,
based upon the Ten Master
Clans' decision,
both the Saegusa Family
and Jumonji Family
are cooperating to investigate
the vampire murders?
I've heard something
to the effect, yes.
Good, I'll get right
to the point, then.
Tatsuya, we need you.
Will you help us?
You two are aware...
...that Leohard Saijo
from 1‐E was attacked
the other day, right?
If you know what the
hell's going on, spill it?
And trust me, I'm not the
only one who wants answers.
Finding the criminal
and handing them over...
...won't simply end this
and make us feel safe.
Is there one perpetrator,
or perhaps a group of them?
Is crime this
personally motivated?
Or is it a disease?
Until we have these
important answers,
we can't write it off
as "case closed."
[TATSUYA]
This whole situation.
How much do you two
really know about it?
And how exactly do you
plan on solving it?
Unless you offer
that information,
I'm afraid my hands are tied.
I will tell you everything
we know in sordid detail,
but only if you make
a promise to help us.
[TATSUYA] Fine, it's a deal.
I'll cooperate.
Then is it safe to assume
that this also means
you would be willing to
join our search team?
I mean, if that's how you want
to interpret it, be my guest.
[MAYUMI]
Mm! Very well, then.
Alright. Then I'll tell you
what we already know
at this point,
though it's not much.
[TATSUYA] I see. Sounds like
ther are a lot more vampire
victims than we thought.
Indeed. In fact, we believe
we're dealing with
a multitude of vampires.
So there is a
lot of them, huh?
This is bad news.
The police... have been helping
us track down the vampires.
They've given us
their extended range
special investigation team.
We've made some decent headway,
but there's a third faction
interfering with our efforts.
Be careful of them, too.
Got it. So what part am I
playing in all of this?
Jumanji and I are simply
asking you to accompany us.
Starting tonight, if possible.
Negative. Shiba's better
off working this alone.
If you find clues or evidence,
report them back to us.
Yes, I understand.
[TATSUYA]
Major Kazama's a life savior.
Him giving us the use the
stratospheric security camera
is a big help.
[MIYUKI]
Huh?
Brother, please wait.
Are you really going?
Just be good and wait here
patiently for me, you got that?
[MIYUKI sighs]
Yes, of course, I will await
your return later tonight.
Don't worry, Miyuki.
Because soon enough, I'm going
to need your assistance.
And when I do...
I know.
Then we can finally be together.
That's a promise, Brother.
I mean it.
[doorbell rings]
Who on earth could that
be at this crazy hour?
[ANGIE grunts]
[MASK grunts]
[gasps]
♪